Open BSV License Version 5 – granted by BSV Association, Grafenauweg 6, 6300
Zug, Switzerland (CHE-427.008.338) ("Licensor"), to you as a user (henceforth
"You", "User" or "Licensee").

For the purposes of this license, the definitions below have the following
meanings:

"Bitcoin Protocol" means the protocol implementation, cryptographic rules,
network protocols, and consensus mechanisms in the Bitcoin White Paper as
described here https://protocol.bsvblockchain.org.

"Bitcoin White Paper" means the paper entitled 'Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer
Electronic Cash System' published by 'Satoshi Nakamoto' in October 2008.

"BSV Blockchains" means:
  (a) the Bitcoin blockchain containing block height #556767 with the hash
      "000000000000000001d956714215d96ffc00e0afda4cd0a96c96f8d802b1662b" and
      that contains the longest honest persistent chain of blocks which has been
      produced in a manner which is consistent with the rules set forth in the
      Network Access Rules; and
  (b) the test blockchains that contain the longest honest persistent chains of
      blocks which has been produced in a manner which is consistent with the
      rules set forth in the Network Access Rules.

"Network Access Rules" or "Rules" means the set of rules regulating the
relationship between BSV Association and the nodes on BSV based on the Bitcoin
Protocol rules and those set out in the Bitcoin White Paper, and available here
https://bsvblockchain.org/network-access-rules.

"Software" means the software the subject of this licence, including any/all
intellectual property rights therein and associated documentation files.

BSV Association grants permission, free of charge and on a non-exclusive and
revocable basis, to any person obtaining a copy of the Software to deal in the
Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to and conditioned upon the following conditions:

1 - The text "© BSV Association," and this license shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
2 - The Software, and any software that is derived from the Software or parts
thereof, must only be used on the BSV Blockchains.

For the avoidance of doubt, this license is granted subject to and conditioned
upon your compliance with these terms only. In the event of non-compliance, the
license shall extinguish and you can be enjoined from violating BSV's
intellectual property rights (incl. damages and similar related claims).

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES REGARDING ENTITLEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS THEREOF BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Copyright (c) 2023 BSV Association
